I have mobilized you
All the funds of the Dongfang family
Buy more for me
Sweep all stocks at this price
Compare us with money
Then hit him with money
It's time to close the net
Jinyan, contact the reporter immediately.
Buy the blessed mother and son a bear and kill the brother and sister-in-law
The black material that snatched Youshi by any means came out
Let Yu's stock go crazy
I would have dared before the stock price of Youshi fell
Sell all 1314 stocks
Ma Youshi's stock was negatively affected
It's exploding like crazy.
What should we do?
Of course, it's throwing money at the stock to pull it back
But all our money
All invested in the stock of 1314
We're out of money.
Then sell some of the 1314 shares
Turn the money around
Bad, the opponent shipped it.
1314 is plummeting like crazy
And all our funds default to successful transactions.
What? What?
Then fill the position
Make up the warehouse, we are out of money, what should we take to make up the warehouse?
What? The billions I earned?
That's it.
Mom?